## About 

### About the site
This site is built off React JS, deployed through Netlify. Most of the text portions are .md documents imported into React with `react-markdown`, to save time and pain with styling, save for the Recent section; in order to stay away from using `dangerouslySetInnerHTML` to be able to use iFrame units, it's worth the trade off to just keep the text simple. Aside from that, and some styling, things are fairly basic here. 

### Why do I need to use iFrame? To display my P5.JS projects! 
All the embedded visual elements, from the banner up above to the items in the Projects tab, are GitHub Sites-hosted sketches of mine using P5.JS, an extensive visual library for JavaScript. Right around the beginning of bootcamp, I started learning P5 to brush up on my JavaScript skills, and since then it's been great practice to continue to play around with it. I see a lot of potential in using it as I have in my header- small elements of visual flair that are unique on each render, that keep a webpage fresh each time you see it. In a modern web that's constantly becoming more dynamic, more immersive, and more emotive, I think this provides a great path for engaging front-end design. 

### About Me
I've always been around tech, and for a long time, I'd simply taken it for granted. My dad did data center management, so computers were always in the house. We had servers in our basement (we once lost **all of our** digital family photos that were stored on them after a corruption- lesson learned in having redundant backups). The first time I was taught shell commands in linux was in second grade, to use sudo apt-get install to put a freeware Mario Kart clone on my hand-me-down dell laptop. For the longest time, though, I think I resisted going into the tech sector, partially because it felt like what was just expected of me. I'm glad to finally be here.