## Firestarter Records, September/October 2023
### Capstone project at FullStack Academy

In our 4-week long development of [FireStarter Records](https://firestarterrecords.netlify.app), I assisted my team at all levels. The initial idea was largely influenced by my time working at a record store, my experience with Discogs, and the passion for music that I shared with other members of my group. I drew up the paper sketches that turned into our Figma rendering the home page, and I lead the planning of user journeys through our site, making consideration for the different ways in which people may want to browse. One user may be looking for something specific, one may have their attention caught by new releases, one may want a curated choice from staff, and yet another may want to hone in on a genre, label, or artist but not have a particular release in mind. We wanted it to be the kind of experience one could take some time with and explore on their own, within rough guidelines- reminiscent of flipping through records on the shelf. 

The site was built on PostgreSQL, Express.js, Node.js, and React JS. Our team used MaterialUI components for consistency of visual language, familiarity on part of the user, and to get experience with a tool frequently used within the industry. We used Material Icons for some of the page's graphic language as well. Aside from Material components, all elements of the site were created and designed by our team. I built out much of our middleware, and gained much in way of Express and SQL in general from it. In order to keep the information in the database discrete and scalable, data on artists, albums, tracks, and labels were stored across their own tables. In order to make the API calls from the front end useful, I needed to build out API routes that would access data across many tables, depending on the endpoint. 